hello everyone chases back and I got me
a cereal bowl AKA spell factory calling
this thing a cereal bowl looks like a
cereal bowl wish i had a bowl like this
you imagine eating breakfast out of one
of these silver little round bulls that
would be so cool i want if they sell
that on eBay I'm gonna check that out so
I got one of these cereal bowls here and
I'm gonna make my first concoction which
is this thing blueberries blueberry
sauce not sure what that is gonna make
it it's kind of expensive 15,000 gold
and then if i upgrade it i get some
yellow stuff that looks like urine and i
don't know what the urine does but i'm
gonna upgrade and get urine next so i
got the most epic raid i I'm so excited
this is the best rate I've ever had in
my life in the history of clash of clans
let me find it I have to show you guys
this here it is look at that loot I want
to show you this replay here well we're
waiting for this raid to start I'm going
to give my prediction about what that
yellow urine stuff is from the cereal
bowl because I honestly do not know and
my prediction is I think it's going to
be some sort of fiery acid that burns
your flesh off you just like if you were
to pee on somebody and it burns their
skin that's what I think it's going to
be it's gonna be some sort of burning
thing and then the blueberry stuff what
does that do actually i think i've seen
people use that that lays you know
there's like lightning from the sky and
stuff so but here i come in with this
raid and keep in mind i am a level 5
Town Hall this is so much loot this is
like 100 times more loot than I've ever
even seen and my my thumbs were like
sweating I was just holding my finger
down letting everything go and somehow I
broke through with all my wall breakers
but literally but my phone was like
dripping in sweat because I was sweating
perspiring dripping all over this thing
I was just so freaking out about this
loot I just couldn't believe
it you guys know what I'm talking about
though right like when you find a base
like this it's so rare you just like
think this is a gift from the heavens
and you don't want to screw it up and
that's exactly how I felt in this rate
you know what I want to know from you
guys let me know in the comments what is
the best Lou trade you have ever had
tell me the best Lou trade and if you
remember what town hall level you were
when you did it tell me that as well
what's up guys I'm coming to you a
couple days after that thing that you
just saw that amazing Loutre because i
did this balloon thing and it was a
major fell and my commentary was kind of
all whack and stuff so real quick I am a
fully maxed Town Hall 5 showing you that
right here got everything maxed out
completely so I'm gonna go ahead and I'm
gonna upgrade the Town Hall 6 next video
I will be a beast of a town hall
six-count wait for Town Hall 6 i'm still
a noob at this game i think i'm on the
cusp of making something of myself and i
can't wait I told you guys a couple
videos ago that my therapist was helping
me still walking me through it we talked
about clash of clans I lay on the couch
you know my therapist she swings this
little thing this little clock thing in
front of me she puts me in this hypnosis
so I can just be completely tuned into
this game and that I can just be perfect
for when I raid next to get my first
three star and a clan war to you know be
all pro and stuff that's what I want to
be I want to be the number one class or
clan player I will not stop until I get
number one and here i go with townhall 6